well I don't know whether to of
regarding Dancing with the Stars right
congratulations or give you my
condolences I know right but yeah it's a
lot I went when I first said yes and it
was kind of crazy thing we're like they
had asked me a couple times and I said
you know luckily I like I'm doing this
show for own I had show called Carson
nation for the Oprah Winfrey Network and
I was busy doing that and then they
asked again and I was like no I'm doing
this show and finally this time they
called and they said you know can you do
it and I said yeah I think so my
schedules kind of open I said can I
think about it and they said yeah you
have 30 minutes and I was like okay yes
and then I like went to sleep and then
on the next morning I was like did I
just say yes to Dancing with the Stars
yeah I insane well 41 well you know what
so now you've been practicing for the
last three weeks I have how do you feel
well I was a late addition so I only got
about two weeks practice and I've been
shot drawing my little heart out with an
open sky of honor today blue sky yeah
yeah honor and I'm not only learning how
to dance I'm learning how to speak
Russian so I can say things like hello
how are you today here's what I notice
okay I noticed that you're not in this
cast by I'm right he no that's Nancy
Grace I'm sorry
see was that I was late because I
couldn't get into LA because of the
hurricane I was like what do you mean I
can't fly in a hurricane well there you
are
grace have a funny bomb I don't know
we're gonna find out okay we're gonna
find out now can you dance
I can dance when I'm in the club okay
that's what I say you know
second but like when they say like you
know put the ball of your foot over here
and then put this hip over here and then
do this and then hold a small Russian
woman who's upside down it's like you
got animal taneous li I'm like that
takes some coordination I was on season
12 that you know recognize this I was
eliminated second it was a gift and a
curse right the curse was you know yet
to lose in front of millions of people
and I know you guys had higher hopes
because I'm black you thought I could
dance better it's the same way I'm gay
there's like you're gonna nail it